As a team:

We have exciting opportunities for a Cloud Data Engineer to join our Data & AI practice, part of larger Cloud First Group. We deliver scalable, business critical and end-to-end solutions for our client - from data strategy/governance to Core Engineering, enabling them to transform and work in Cloud Technologies.

You'll learn, grow and advance in an innovative culture that thrives on shared success, diverse ways of thinking and enables boundaryless opportunities that can drive your career in new and exciting ways

If you’re looking for a challenging career working in a vibrant environment with access to training and a global network of experts, this could be the role for you. As part of our global team, you'll be working with cutting-edge technologies and will have the opportunity to develop a wide range of new skills on the job.

In our team you will learn:

How to grow your skills working on challenging and innovative solutions
Work on new technologies with demanding clients and grow your expertise
Work in highly skilled teams advising and supporting our clients through the data and technology revolution

As a Cloud Data Engineer, you will:

Work with client teams to design and implement modern, scalable data solutions using a range of new and emerging technologies
Work with Agile and DevOps techniques and implementation approaches in the delivery
Using good communication skills to understand and deliver client requirements
Bring your experience and ideas to innovative engineering, design and strategy
Mentor and upskill fellow group members
Contribute to our internal networks and special interest groups


We are looking for experience in the following skills:

Experience in either one or more major cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) platform architecture, developing data engineering pipelines.
Experience in Spark (Scala/Python/Java) and Kafka.
Experience working in a client-facing / consulting environment to build trusted relationships with client stakeholders and act as a trusted adviser.
Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills.
Ability to apply analytical and creative thought process.
Proven success in contributing in a multi-location team-oriented environment.
Proven ability in delivering high-quality deliverables to tight timescales.
Set yourself apart:

Experience delivering projects within an agile environment.
Experience in MDM, Metadata Management, Data Quality and Data Lineage tools.
E2E Data Engineering and Lifecycle (including non-functional requirements and operations) management.
Regulatory and Compliance work in Data Management
E2E Data Architecture and Lifecycle (including non-functional requirements and operations) management.
E2E Solution Design skills - Prototyping, Usability testing and data visualization literacy.
Experience with SQL and NoSQL modern data stores